INPUT: The player inputted this in response to your narrative: confront the goblin. roll a die and if i get above a certain threshold then give me success, else, fail

As a reminder, your last narrative lines were You come across a roaring river, the current too strong to swim.There may be a safer route to cross. But where? "As you walk along the riverbank, you find two possible routes: a narrow mountain pass promising a quicker, but perilous shortcut, or a dense forest that snakes along the river, longer but potentially safer." "Your decision to take the mountain pass leads you to a challenging climb, on your right the steep mountain, to your left a menacing drop. Picking your way carefully, suddenly, a rustling sound makes you freeze. Two options present themselves: Investigate the noise, or press on and ignore it." "Hefting the rock in your hand, you move cautiously towards the noise. You're faced with a split in the path: head towards the noise which seems to be coming from a small crevice, or continue up the mountain path." "Creeping closer, you peer into the crevice to find a Goblin fumbling with a chest. Two routes lie ahead: confront the Goblin, possibly risking a fight, or leave it undisturbed and continue on your original path."

Please now output the narrators response to this input to continue the objective. Ensure that your response provides a scenario where the player can do something interesting: give them at least 2 options of routes to take.You may start this response with the word in full capitals CONTINUE or END. If you use continue, then all the following text will be outputted to the userHowever if you start with END, the objective will end and you can decide give the player an item (as a reward if they made positive choices) or just end (the player will lose hp).The items you can give to the player are: Arcane Blade, Thunder Mace, Rubber Chicken, Knight's Helmet, Knight's Cuirass, Knight's Greaves, Potion of Restoration, Rune Stone of Recall, Elixir of GiantsFor example, to end the objective and give the user an item write END (item name)Or, write CONTINUE (next narrative lines)

OUTPUT: END "Rune Stone of Recall" "You breathe deeply, steeling yourself. Charging forward, you surprise the Goblin, startling it into submission. Your spoils, a Rune Stone of Recall found in the chest, may just give you the edge you need."