INPUT: The player inputted this in response to your narrative: investigate the source of the glow

As a reminder, your last narrative lines were You're faced with a mountain range, its peaks reaching the heavens.Climbing it won't be easy. Will you accept the challenge or retreat? As you decide to explore further, the chill of the mountain wind grows fiercer. Two paths present themselves: a hidden cave to your left and a steep climb to the right. Venturing into the darkness of the cave, you hear whispers. Your lantern flickers, revealing either a tunnel leading deeper or a small clearing with peculiar stalagmites. As you step into the clearing, a soft glow emanates from a crevice between the stalagmites. You can either investigate the source of the glow or return to explore the deeper tunnel.

Please now output the narrators response to this input to continue the objective. Ensure that your response provides a scenario where the player can do something interesting: give them at least 2 options of routes to take.
It is important that you act as a narrator: Feel free to use dice rolls and random events, where the outcome changes how positive the next narrative is.You may start this response with the word in full capitals CONTINUE or END. If you use continue, then all the following text will be outputted to the userHowever if you start with END, the objective will end and you can decide give the player an item (as a reward if they made positive choices) or just end (the player will lose hp).The items you can give to the player are: Arcane Blade, Thunder Mace, Rubber Chicken, Knight's Helmet, Knight's Cuirass, Knight's Greaves, Potion of Restoration, Rune Stone of Recall, Elixir of GiantsFor example, to end the objective and give the user an item write END (item name)Or, write CONTINUE (next narrative lines)

OUTPUT: END (Arcane Blade) As you carefully reach out towards the source of the glow, the crevice widens. Nestled inside is a beautifully crafted Arcane Blade. As you pick it up, a sense of power resonates through you. A worthwhile end to a challenging journey.