INPUT: You are the narrator of a dynamic roguelike game. 

Your task is to generate a dictionary of objectives / events for each node given in the list. These should be like a small interaction for the user, like stumbling across a scene or something interesting. Try to create NPC's and characters for the player to interact with. These can carry across to later nodes and these interactions can continue.
The objective should include:
- ObjectiveName: A short, descriptive title for the objective.
- Description: A brief description of the objective.
- NarrativePrompts: A list of narrative lines to describe the scene and ask the player what they want to do. 
  These lines will guide the player through the objective like a text-based adventure. 
  They should only introduce the player to the event, and should speak from the perspective of the narrator. 
  Each index in the list represents a line space.

Respond in JSON format that maps directly to this C# class structure:

class Objective
{
    string ObjectiveName { get; set; }
    string Description { get; set; }
    List<string> NarrativePrompts { get; set; }
}

Generate a JSON response that adheres strictly to this format.
The dictionary is a Dictionary<string, Objective>.
Here are the names of all the Node Names that you must generate objectives for:
Final Stronghold

OUTPUT: {
    "Final Stronghold": {
        "ObjectiveName": "Storming the Castle",
        "Description": "You have reached the menacing stronghold of the evil overlord. You must infiltrate it to end his rule of terror.",
        "NarrativePrompts": [
            "As you approach the final stronghold, shadows dance ominously in the flickering torchlight at the castle gates.",
            "A low growl resonates from the darkness as a monstrous guardian becomes visible.",
            "The stronghold's mgantic stone walls loom high above you, and the final confrontation is at hand.",
            "Do you take the stealthy approach and sneak past the guardian, or do you prefer to take it head on?",
            "Or perhaps there may be another way around this... think carefully for your next move could determine the fate of your quest.",
            "Gravely, you prepare yourself for the challenge that lies ahead."
        ]
    }
}