INPUT: The player inputted this in response to your narrative: run, RUN

As a reminder, your last narrative lines were The twilight sky roars as you reach the storm-lashed peak.Lightning flits about, while gales challenge your footing.What lies beyond this tempest?: As you turn to flee, the Astra Grotesque and Celestial Serpent's growls echo in your ears, mocking your retreat. But the storm peak is relentless and unforgiving, and you trip on a hidden stone, falling into the stormy abyss. You struggle to regain control, your heart pounding in your chest. Will you confront the celestial enemies or continue your desperate run?: Over jagged rocks and gnarled roots, you run. The celestial enemies loom larger, but you maintain your speed, weaving through the treacherous terrain. But as you charge ahead, you slip further from the Storm's Apex. Will you turn back or continue your escape? The choice is yours as time ticks away.

Please now output the narrators response to this input to continue the objective. You can introduce NPC dialogues to your narrative. It is critical that your response provides a scenario where the user can easily respond with what they will do next.
It is important that you act as a narrator: Feel free to use dice rolls and random events, where the outcome changes how positive the next narrative is.You may start this response with the word in full capitals CONTINUE or END. If you use continue, then all the following text will be outputted to the userHowever if you start with END, the objective will end and you can decide give the player an item (as a reward if they made positive choices) or just end (the player will lose hp).The items you can give to the player are: Starshard Staff, Elonim's Grit, Harmony Flute, Starshard Circlet, Mystic Wanderer's Robes, Elonim's Sandals, Elonim Elixir, Stone Seed, Moonlight NectarFor example, to end the objective and give the user an item write END (item name)Or, write CONTINUE (next narrative lines)

OUTPUT: END (Elonim's Sandals): You bolt, propelled by sheer terror. In the distance, the celestial enemies grow smaller, their growls drowned by the whipping winds. Breathless and fatigued, you somehow find refuge in a concealed cave. Inside, you find a pair of Elonim's Sandals, light as a feather yet indestructible, they will aid your sprint in future encounters.